argocd diff (#3)
commercetools/telefonistka: README.md

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1616153/219383563-8b833c17-7701-45b6-9471-d937d03142f4.png"  width="50%" height="50%">
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 -->

### ArgoCD integration

> Telefonistka can compare manifests in PR brances to live objects in the clusters and comment the difference in PRs

Reviewer: nitpick
```suggestion
Telefonistka can compare manifests in PR branches to live objects in the clusters and comment on the difference in PRs
```
